Improve HA install steps (#960)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.x/en/installation/ha/helm-rancher/_index.md

  --set hostname=rancher.my.org
```

Wait for Rancher to be rolled out:

```
kubectl -n cattle-system rollout status deploy/rancher
Waiting for deployment "rancher" rollout to finish: 0 of 3 updated replicas are available...
deployment "rancher" successfully rolled out
```

#### Let's Encrypt

> **Note:** You need to have [cert-manager](#optional-install-cert-manager) installed before proceeding.

> This option uses `cert-manager` to automatically request and renew [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) certificates. This is a free service and provides you with a valid certificate as Let's Encrypt is a trusted CA. This configuration uses HTTP validation (`HTTP-01`) so the load balancer must have a public DNS record and be accessible from the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option uses `cert-manager` to automatically request and renew [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) certificates. This is a free service and provides you with a valid certificate, as Let's Encrypt is a trusted CA. This configuration uses HTTP validation (`HTTP-01`) so the load balancer must have a public DNS record and be accessible from the internet.
```

- Replace `<CHART_REPO>` with the repository that you configured in [Add the Helm Chart Repository](#add-the-helm-chart-repository) (i.e. `latest` or `stable`).

> - Set `hostname` to the public DNS record, set `ingress.tls.source=letsEncrypt` and `letsEncrypt.email` to the email address used for communication about your certificate (for example, expiry notices)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set `hostname` to the public DNS record, set `ingress.tls.sourcet` to `ingress.tls.source=letsEncrypt`, and `letsEncrypt.email` to the email address used for communication about your certificate (for example, expiry notices).
```

  --set letsEncrypt.email=me@example.org
```

Wait for Rancher to be rolled out:

```
kubectl -n cattle-system rollout status deploy/rancher
Waiting for deployment "rancher" rollout to finish: 0 of 3 updated replicas are available...
deployment "rancher" successfully rolled out
```

#### Certificates from Files

Create Kubernetes secrets from your own certificates for Rancher to use.

> > **Note:** The `Common Name` or a `Subject Alternative Names` entry in the server certificate will need to match the `hostname` option or the ingress controller will fail to provision the site for Rancher. Although an entry in the `Subject Alternative Names` is technically required, having a matching `Common Name` will have maximum compatibility with older browsers/applications. If you want to check if your certificates are correct, see [How to check Common Name and Subject Alternative Names in your server certificate?]({{< baseurl >}}/rancher/v2.x/en/faq/technical/#how-to-check-common-name-and-subject-alternative-names-in-your-server-certificate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The `Common Name` or a `Subject Alternative Names` entry in the server certificate must match the `hostname` option, or the ingress controller will fail to provision the site for Rancher. Although an entry in the `Subject Alternative Names` is technically required, having a matching `Common Name` maximizes compatibility with older browsers/applications. If you want to check if your certificates are correct, see [How do I check Common Name and Subject Alternative Names in my server certificate?]({{< baseurl >}}/rancher/v2.x/en/faq/technical/#how-to-check-common-name-and-subject-alternative-names-in-your-server-certificate)
```
